## Exercise 01

Explore `ReaderTaskEither` in details:

```ts
interface Reader<R, A> {
  (r: R): A;
}

interface Task<A> {
  (): Promise<A>;
}

type Either<E, A> = Left<E> | Right<A>;

type ReaderTaskEither<R, E, A> = Reader<R, Task<Either<E, A>>>;
```

The type `ReaderTaskEither` is commonly used as data type for an app-level design, the reason being it can:

1. Represent a context dependent computation (via Reader)
2. Represent an Async computation (via Task)
3. Represent a computation that can succeed or fail (via Either)

## Steps

Define a new module with the above type definition and implement the following functions:

1. `succeed` takes a value `A` and return a `App<unknown, never, A>`
2. `fail` takes a value `E` and return a `ReaderTaskEither<unknown, E, never>`
3. `sync` that takes a function `f: () => A` gives back `ReaderTaskEither<unknown, never, A>`
4. `async` that takes a function `f: () => Promise<A>` gives back `ReaderTaskEither<unknown, never, A>`
5. `trySync` that takes a function `f: () => A` and `onError: (u: unknown) => E` and gives back `ReaderTaskEither<unknown, E, A>`
6. `tryAsync` that takes a function `f: () => Promise<A>` and `onError: (u: unknown) => E` and gives back `ReaderTaskEither<unknown, E, A>`
7. `map` apply `f: (a: A) => B` to `ReaderTaskEither<R, E, A>` getting back `ReaderTaskEither<R, E, B>`
8. `chain` apply `f: (a: A) => ReaderTaskEither<R1, E1, B>` to `ReaderTaskEither<R, E, A>` getting back `ReaderTaskEither<R & R1, E | E1, B>`
9. `tap` apply `f: (a: A) => ReaderTaskEither<R1, E1, any>` to `ReaderTaskEither<R, E, A>` getting back `ReaderTaskEither<R & R1, E | E1, A>`
10. `catchAll` apply `f: (e: E) => ReaderTaskEither<R1, E1, B>` to `ReaderTaskEither<R, E, A>` getting back `ReaderTaskEither<R & R1, E1, A | B>`
11. `tuple` that takes a tuple of `ReaderTaskEither<*, *, *>` and transforms it to be `ReaderTaskEither<* & * & ... *, * | * | ... | *, readonly [*, *, ...]>`
12. `access` that takes a function `f: (r: R) => A` and gives back `ReaderTaskEither<R, never, A>`
13. `accessM` that takes a function `f: (r: R) => ReaderTaskEither<R1, E, A>` and gives back `ReaderTaskEither<R & R1, E, A>`
14. `provide` that takes a value `R` and transforms a `ReaderTaskEither<R & R2, E, A>` in `ReaderTaskEither<R2, E, A>`
15. `provideM` that takes a `ReaderTaskEither<R1, E1, R>` and transforms a `ReaderTaskEither<R & R2, E, A>` in `ReaderTaskEither<R2 & R1, E | E1, A>`
16. `run` that takes a `ReaderTaskEither<unknown, E, A>` and returns a `Promise<Either<E, A>>`

## Continue

Re-export all the functions present in `fp-ts/ReaderTaskEither` in your new module to have both the utilities from fp-ts and the ability to define useful functions (many times retyping more specifically what comes from fp-ts)

## Continue

Check out the functions `Do` and `bind`, use it in a test and extend the behaviour to allow variance of parameters

## Continue

Rename `ReaderTaskEither` to `App` as we will really use it everywhere and `ReaderTaskEither` is boring and long.

Also we can define aliases like `UIO<A> = App<unknown, never, A>` and `FIO<E, A> = App<unknown, E, A>` and `RIO<R, A> = App<R, never, A>`
